hey Michael block from the Republic and
doing a story about your mom to be
honest I was a little distracted I kept
running back in my mind how you might
respond to me asking you for a drink so
that was you asking me in my mind it
wasn't that poor word you know it was
more smoother than that I'm terrible at
Thursday's I'm good
what was it like felt like we've kissed
before
yeah I could call me right after to say
what they thought that I was special
it's not often you meet someone like
that I just really like it really even
love don't get involved too quickly so
don't get first of all I don't sound
like a mad scientist I'd talk
don't ask me you come back over there
[Applause]
are you guys well headed down like you
pray I'm I need to what would you fight
for a little power which I'll do when
the power went out today she did a
little sip didn't smile thing like do
you want to commit my mother wasn't very
good at love what if I'm just like her
how are you supposed to know if you want
to spend forever with someone sometimes
good things take time to develop
[Music]
I'm afraid to love you
you don't have to be afraid so how about
you tell me what you do to keep your
relationship going you can do three
hours with no Wi-Fi marriage is doable
[Music]